it was 1945 the war was over and the
world was falling in love again Kimmy
and um just you got a pencil osakan I'll
have a photographic memory just give me
a number now and I'll remember no give
me a bowl no yes yes yes
Liza Minnelli Robert De Niro New York
New York I can take a hit can you also
take a walk
look you want me to leave yes I'll leave
right now you expect me to leave after
the way you talked to me just now Jimmy
and for good luck good good luck
oh yeah a new comes up to me she was a
singer he was a sax man it was beautiful
while it lasted hmm where is she why
should I tell you where she is if she
doesn't valuation isn't let it well
where is she can you tell me where she
is okay
they're in hash room if you can find it
where we're asked for Nashville
no not Nashville Asheville I love you
well Manilow I mean I don't love you I
did you I'm I like you Laden and you
know someday you come
Oh
no no will you marry me will you marry
me I love you will you marry me
you do not kick off the ban I kick off
the ban you understand
treat Mila don't ever do it again ever
again Oh ever again let's go I'm gonna
have a baby you know what have a baby
baby no I didn't tell you you have it
now you have it now keep it good keep
paying me
can I satisfied by hitting me go ahead
hit me that's right
how can I see the key what am I gonna
say to it father go away
I make it
come on come through
a love story is like a song it's
beautiful while it lasts
liza minnelli robert de niro new york
new york